Fong Kuo
Seasoned Analyst
San Pedro, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Fong-Kuo/d91deecdc93f4129
Seasoned Analyst with strength in data management and quantitative analysis with hands-on experience in developing and implementing processes.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Data Analyst
Molina Healthcare of CA, Inc - Long Beach, CA - December 2013 to Present Responsibilities  Providing healthcare analysis for the State Health Plans, including generation and distribution of standard reports monthly and quarterly.  Assisting with completion of special projects, in support of requests from various internal departments, regulatory agencies, and contracting agencies.  Developing ad-hoc reports and performing data analysis as requested.  Participating in the identification of data clean-up process that hinders accurate data capture, and creates batch load queries to help facilitate the accurate reflection of providers' information for all LOBs in the systems.
Skills Used Excel (Lookups, Pivots, Macros), MS Access, MS SQL Server, SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, MS Word, data ETL.
MIS/Financial Analyst
JPMorgan Chase - Columbus, OH - October 2012 to August 2013 Responsibilities
 Worked as an Essbase Administrator/Analyst of the MIS Platform and Data Management team within Asset Management to support business processes.  Developed, updated, and maintained new and existing EAS databases in supporting Investment Management Profitability Team for accurate, flexible and timely reporting and analytics.  Developed documentation of Profitability and Metric productions; performing metric data ETL and indentifying data reject resolutions in support of monthly processes.  Updated, executed, and maintained SQL scripts for monthly Actual and Forecast processes.  Designed and created ad hoc multi-scenario Essbase cubes in support of analyses for CFOs.
Skills Used SQL Queries, MS Excel, MS Access, MS Word, data ETL, Hyperion Essbase, SSMS, SSIS
Compensation Analyst - Consultant
Sprint Nextel Corporation - Overland Park, KS - October 2009 to July 2012  Analyzed production data to ensure proper calculation of compensation for various products and services using MS Excel (Lookups, Macros), MS Access, and Oracle SQL Developer.  Researched and evaluated data designed and generated reports, exports and imports data, using Ensemble, NDW and True Resolutions.

 Calculated vendor commissions based upon multiple plan/service types, equipment types, and commission matrix tables.
IT Assistant - Consultant
JP Morgan Retirement Plan Services - Overland Park, KS - April 2009 to August 2009  Generated daily payroll reports to senior officers using SQL, Excel, and TSO.  Coordinated and communicated with cross functional team project managers/tech leads for operational support activities of the department, served as a liaison between VP and team managers in the resolution of day-to-day operational problems.
EDUCATION
BA in Computer Information Systems (Cum Laude, 2001)
Washburn University - Topeka, KS 2001
SKILLS
MS Office Suite including MS Excel (Lookups, Pivots, Macros), MS Access, MS SQL Server, Stored Procedures, SQL Queries, Hyperion Essbase Administrator/Analyst, Data ETL, Ad hoc reporting, MS Navision, Peach Tree.

