Sr. Java Developer
Sr. Java Developer (Green Card) - Northern Virginia area only
McLean, VA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sr-Java-Developer/af4b7a1a976a29ca
· Java/JEE Professional with over 10 years of experience in Life Sciences, Health Insurance, Export Credit Insurance and Telecom industries. · Expertise in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) process with experience in application development with In-depth understanding of Object Oriented Programming methodologies. · Expertise in conceptualizing, designing and coding technical solutions ranging from complex MVC architecture to highly scalable, secured, optimized, large data intensive enterprise systems using Java/J2EE technology stacks. · Extensive experience in Legacy Application Modernization including data conversion · Strong hands-on Application Design and Development experience with Enterprise Java, EJB, JDBC, JSP, Servlets, JSTL, XML, Java Web Services (SOAP), JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, Hibernate, Documentum DFC api, Teamworks (IBM BPM solution) , JUnit Framework, Log4j Logging Framework, , HTML/DHTML/CSS. · Strong experience in MVC framework Apache Struts. Familiar with Spring MVC. Hands-on experience in implementing design patterns like Data Access Object, Transfer Object, Business Delegate, Session Façade, Service Locator, Composite View, View Helper, Front Controller, · Strong Application and Web server experience with IBM Websphere 6.1 and Weblogic 8.3.1. · Database development experience with Oracle 7.x/8.1/9i/10g/11G, IBM DB2. · Extensive experience in writing complex backend SQL queries and procedures using PL/SQL, Tiggers, Views and Functions · Proficient with database tool Toad and Oracle SQLDeveloper · Proficient with application development tools like IBM WSAD, IBM Rational Application Developer, Eclipse and their integration with version control system such as IBM ClearCase, PVCS. · Experience in OOAD architecture and modeling and designing artifacts using Rational Rose UML such as class diagram, sequence diagram and state diagrams using Rational Rose, RAD. · Experience in project management tools like MS Project, MS Visio and MS Office for status reporting and planning. · Worked on UNIX, SOLARIS & Windows NT/2000 Professional platforms. · Good Communication and Time Management skills. A motivational team player.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Sr. Java Developer
Export Import Bank of the United States - Washington, DC - 2007 to Present
The Bank is an independent U.S. Government agency that helps finance the overseas sales of U.S. goods and services. To accomplish its mission of creating and sustaining jobs through exports, the Bank provides loans, loan guarantees and insurance products. The Bank provides export credit insurance to help U.S. exporters develop and expand their overseas sales by protecting them against loss should a foreign buyer or other foreign debtor default for political or commercial reasons and assists exporters by guaranteeing term financing to creditworthy international buyers for purchases of U.S. goods and services. The Project involves support and enhancement of web based application for authorizing and processing Export Credit Insurance policies and guarantees. The technical architecture of the system include multi-tier SOA based J2EE framework on Websphere platform. The system also interfaces with other numerous downstream systems such as Finance and Accounting System, Claims and BI Reporting System

Responsibilities · Workng as a Sr. Developer/technical mentor working with a team of 2 Jr. developers to implement new functionality/migrating legacy systems to new J2EE based architecture. · Getting business requirements for functionality enhacements from business users, assess technical impact and convert them in system impact and produce design documents using UML notations. · Implemented SOAP webservice interface with Participant Hub(MDM) for retrieving and updating the participants master data. Also, handle participant merge JMS messages using Message Driven Beans · Implemented backend framework for data access layer using Hibernate and Abstract Factory Pattern for Data Access Objects · Responsible for implementing and delivering functionality end-to-end that spans across all layers, from creating Data model design, Data access layer using DAOs , Service layer using Session EJBs , Business Delegates, Front end layer using Struts , JSP, Servlets and occssionally using AJAX with jQuery for UI. · Involved in backend solution for interfacting with downstram Financial, Reporting and Claims system using Oracle PL/SQL procedures, triggers and views, asynchronous events, scheduled Oracle jobs. · Implemented business processes workflow using Documentum workflow templates and DFC apis. · Analysis, workaround and bug fixing of critical production issues. · Provided regular weekly status reports including progress made on each task · Provide guidance to testing team in SQT and UAT testing phase for the release cycle. · Co-ordinate design and code changes with other team members to always ensure optimal design and reduced redundancy. · Migrated J2EE platform version from 1.2 to 1.4, Websphere server version from 5.1 to 6.1 and development environment from IBM Webspher Application Develper 5.1 to IBM Rational Application Develper 7.0 · Responsible for business rule extraction, conversion design, interface definition and test planning activities to implement a JEE replacement for Bank's legacy applications
Environment: J2EE 1.4, IBM WebSphere server 6.1, IBM RAD 7.0, Documentum 5.3, LDAP, JSP, JSTL, Java, Struts 2.0, jQuery, AJAX, EJB 2.1, Hibernate 3.0, Java Web service (SOAP), XML, HTML, Javascript, jQuery, AJAX, Oracle 11g, IBM ClearQuest, IBM ClearCase.
Sr. Software Engineer/Team Lead
Pfizer Inc - New York, NY - August 2005 to September 2007
The Project involves support and enhancement of Web based business process workflow application for Investigator Initiated Research for Pfizer. Independent research grants support the development or acquisition of specific and defined medical knowledge. These grants typically support a request from an investigator or institution to conduct a research study, clinical or non-clinical, prospective or retrospective, within or outside labeled indications. The technical architecture of the system include Lombardi BPM solution Teamworks (J2EE platform on Weblogic) in conjunction with tiered Java framework integrated to Teamworks via connectors.
Responsibilities · Getting business requirements for workflow and functionality enhacements from business users and convert them in system requirements document and design document · Coordinating with the onsite / offshore team for implementation, estimation and release planning of the enhancements · Design and Coding of UI and workflow change in Teamworks BPM using JSP, Server Side Javascript, XML, XSLT. · Implemented Business Logic using Stateless Session Beans · Implemented Data Persistence Layer using Hibernate · Configured Weblogic Authentication provider for LDAP for authentication and authorization. · Always adhered on stringent Quality processes during delivery on tasks to client.

· Troubleshooting and bug fixing of production issues. · Provided regular status reports and pro-actively provide point-wise feedback on progress made, issues outstanding etc. · Conducted weekly status report meeting with the team members and the clients. · Provided Test Scripts and Templates with test results of each task delivered to the client team. · Using best practices of Java/J2EE and encouraging use of the same to team members to minimize the unnecessary object creation, encourage proper garbage collections of un-used objects, minimize database calls, optimize queries to get better performance of application · Technical mentoring and training for other Teamworks based applications in Pfizer Environment: Teamworks (J2EE based BPM solution from Lombardi Software), Weblogic 8.1 Application Server, JSP, Java, Javascript, XML, HTML, Oracle 9i, Documentum 5.2.5, Hibernate, EJB, JMS
Sr. Software Engineer
Aetna U.S. Healthcare - Middletown, CT - February 2004 to July 2005
The Project involves development of Web based Application for Aetna Quoting Center (AQC) for the Client. The system is based on MVC architecture using Spring Framework .AQC Project is the primary driver to enable Aetna in creating its online Health Insurance Quote generation. This project is an internet-accessible point of entry for new business and renewal business quotation activities including: Creation of employer, searching of quotes, producer & prospect data collection, census entry, site-match determination, benefit selection, rating with compliance & user adjustments, proposal generation, purchase request, case installation and actuarial and underwriting report generation. This system is used by users all across USA in the capacity or broker, actuarial and sales persons. This project is Aetna's long term large size project initiative with various releases.
Responsibilities. · Involved in design of multi-tiered application SOA framework using Spring MVC and other J2EE design patterns like Business Delegate, Service Locator, Data Transfer Objects, Data Access Objects · As part of design phase involved in creation of Sequence diagrams, Activity/State diagrams, Class diagrams using Rational Rose for Medical Benefit selection Module. · Implemented MVC framework using Spring MVC. · Designed User Interfaces using JSP and custom tag libraries. · Developed frameworks components and base classes for Business logic and Data access layer · Developed site navigation framework using Stack logic · Done code reviews, Code Integration and Testing. · Coding Medical Benefit Selection module using Websphere Studio Application Developer using JSP, Servlets, JNDI, JDBC, Java Collection APIs. · Coding of Batch job in Java using to read the Flat file and create in memory java objects hierarchy and reuse the persistence layer to persist the data in database. · Co-coordinating with Onsite Project Manager, DBA team and the team members for implementation and integration of modules · Provided technical leadership to the project team and help resolve technical issues.
Environment: J2EE, WebSphere 5.0, WSAD - Websphere Application Developer Studio, Netegrity Siteminder, Rational Rose, Spring MVC, JSP, Custom Tag Library, Java, Servlet, HTML, Javascript, MS SQL Server 2000
Software Engineer
Telstra Inc - April 2003 to January 2004
Support to Switched Data Network Management (SDNM) Application SDNM is Telstra's mission critical service provisioning system for the Switch Data Network Products. It provides a service order entry and processing system with interfaces to Infrastructure system to request field/line work,

to Billing System for the charging processing and to Network Elements and Network Management Systems for the service Data Activation. The system also provides service configuration information to service assurance. Infosys is involved in support and enhancement of the application. Responsibilities · Providing Level2 and Level3 support for the application. · Monitoring and Resolving production bugs in consultation with the business users · Coding, Code Review and Testing of the bugs. Environment: C, C++ on UNIX, Java, Oracle 8
Sr. Software Engineer
Aetna U.S. Healthcare - Middletown, CT - October 2001 to March 2003
The Project involves development, enhancement and support of Web based user interface for Complaints and Appeals Tracking System (CATS) for the Client. The system is based on MVC architecture. This system has a capability to record and be a central repository of all Complaints, Grievances and Appeals which come to the Client, hence enabling users to produce correct and timely reports, which in turn minimizes litigation and regulatory risks for the Client. The System also helps to provide consistency in process and practices across the nation, for the client. The System enables to establish clear organizational accountability for complaints and appeals in all business areas. CATS also provide one-stop-shop for all relevant Member, Provider and Plan information. Responsibilities · Design and Development of application framework core components namely Controller Servlet, Template JSPs XML configuration files, Request Processor, Request to Event Convector, Event Controller , Base Event Handler, JSP Java beans based on Sun Java's Blue Print application Pet store using MVC and other J2EE design patterns namely Front Controller, Service Locator, Composite View, Intercepting Filter, View Helper, Business Delegates, Data Transfer Objects, DAO · Development of Security framework APIs to implement screen and field level security. · Development of XML DAOs to parse the framework configuration files using DOM parser. · Development of DB DAOs using JDBC to interface with DB2 stored procedures. · Development of Utility Classes for Date manipulation, String formatting to be used across the modules. · Design and Development of Complex Letter Generation module. Development of APIs for converting RTF text to HTML and RTF text to PDF. · Create Use Case diagrams, Sequence diagrams, Activity/State diagrams, Class diagrams using Rational Rose for framework components. · Development of UNIX shell scripts to FTP generated letters and cover letters to vendor server. · Training and mentoring application team members on the framework. · Co-coordinating with Onsite Team and the team members and other module leads. · Converting Business Requirements Specifications into Technical Design specifications for Letter Generation module. Environment: J2EE, WebSphere 4.0.2, WSAD - Websphere Application Developer Studio, WebSphere MQ, Websphere MQ Workflow, Netegrity Siteminder, JSP, Java, Servlet, XML, HTML, Javascript, UNIX Shell script, IBM DB2
Sr. Software Engineer
Aetna U.S. Healthcare - Middletown, CT - August 2000 to September 2001
The Project involves development, enhancement and support of Electronic Correspondence Handling System (ECHS) for the Client. This system has a capability to record and be a central repository of all the correspondence which comes to the Client from the vendor in the electronic form. This is a browser based application for processing electronic correspondence. This system is based on MVC architecture. The System also helps to provide consistency in process and practices across the nation, for the client.

Responsibilities · Design and Development of Navigation, Logging (using log4j) and Exception Handling framework. · Development of JSPs and business logic service components for User and Team Selection for image processing. · Development of batch job in Java to Load the Users and Teams from the data received in CSV format, convert it into XML format and put the XML formatted data in IBM MQ series to be loaded into mainframe DB2 database. · Development on scheduled job in Unix Shell script for nightly User and Team load. · Development of JUnit test cases for business logic service components. · Converting Business Requirements Specifications into Technical Design specifications. Environment: J2EE, WebSphere 3.0.5, WebSphere MQ APIs, JSP, Java, Servlet, XML, HTML, Javascript, UNIX Shell script, IBM DB2
Software Engineer
WildHolidays.com - Mumbai, Maharashtra - March 2000 to July 2000
It is a website where in Tour Operators can register themselves for the various tours they have, with the details of itinerary and other details. A user can choose a tour or he/she can search for a tour on certain criteria and submits his choice to the concerned tour operator. Responsibilities · Development of portal screens using JSPs and Javascript · Development of pagination logic in Servlets. · Deployment of application on Java Web Server · Creating Database tables, views, triggers, PL/SQL procedures in Oracle. · Database persistence logic using JDBC. Environment: JSP, Java, JDBC, Javascript, Servlet, Oracle, Java WebServer
EDUCATION
Diploma in Advanced Computing
C-DAC - Mumbai, Maharashtra 2000
Bachelor of Engineering
MS University - Gujarat, IN 1998
Sun Certified Java Programmer (SCJP) in Java 2
Sun Microsystems 2000
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Technical Summary: Languages Java 1.1/1.2/1.3/1.4/1.5, C, C++ Java Technologies JSP, Servlets, Java Webservices, RMI, EJB, JDBC, JMS, JNDI, Java Beans, Java socket programming, XML, XSLT, XSD, DTD, DOM, SAX, , Applets, AWT, Swing, IBM workflow API, Teamworks (BPM platform), Documentum 5.2.5 DFC API

Web Technologies HTML, XML, JavaScript, SOAP, Web Services Frame works Spring MVC Framework, Struts, SOA, Hibernate, JUnit Methodologies Rational Unified Process (RUP), Agile Distributed Technologies Java EE Web and Application Servers BEA Weblogic, IBM Websphere 6.1, Tomcat and Java Web Server. Tools Rational Rose 2000, XML Spy, IBM Ratinal Developer Studio (RAD 7), Junit, Eclipse, BEA Workshop, Toad, IBM ClearQuest, Crystal Reports
Version Control PVCS (Positron Version Control System), VSS, IBM ClearCase Database Oracle, DB2, MS-SQLServer, MS-Access. Operating Systems Windows 2000 Server, Windows NT Server, Windows XP, Windows 95/98, Sun Solaris OS 5.9, MS-DOS.

